feat(tem): add Why do emails take several minutes to send in FAQ MTA-7102 (#6449)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/transactional-email/troubleshooting/long-sending-time.mdx

---
title: Emails take a long time to send

> description: This page helps you understanding and solving emails taking a long time to send

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: This page helps you understand and fix the problem of emails taking a long time to send
```

tags: transactional email sending warmup troubleshooting
dates:
  validation: 2026-04-20
  posted: 2026-04-20
---

## Problem

My emails take a long time to send.

## Cause

- The domain or IP address is new. For new IP addresses, Transactional Email progressively grants more email volume to ensure good domain reputation. For more information, see [Understanding your reputation score with TEM](/transactional-email/reference-content/understanding-tem-reputation-score/) and [Protecting domain reputation](/transactional-email/reference-content/protecting-your-domain-reputation/).

> - If the domain is not new, the other causes are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the domain is not new, the other possible causes are:
```
